A very fat exclusive on Telesalseo last night
Marina Hernal gave us the information
that the trial for non-payment of Rocio's child support
in which she denounced her
son David Flores took place
last Thursday and Rosaditos would have
met face to face with her children and has
not greeted them Meanwhile this
weekend Rocio Fidel together with the
teacher Joao Sofia Suelez with Kiko
Jimenez and Alba Carrillo enjoyed
the Kim League the football league of Pique
and Ibai Alba Carrillo would comment that she would
like to enter this project and that she
has asked Ibai to be president Marta
Arriesgo confirms information from
Telesalseo in which there was talk of an
alleged fling in the Canary Islands
with a person with an ex-man from
her past Gloria Camila denounces harassment
by her ex Rosa Benito throws a
hard punch at Rocio Carrasco Christian
Galvez and Patricia Pardo announce that they are
expecting a baby Almuden gives his
first words after this
event Maria and gives her
statements about the end of Sálvame
News in  the lux operation the
tv factory is cleared of
charges and Kiko Rivera recovered from
his health problem all this and much
more here on la piruleta on your
favorite gossip channel family Well you know
that I used to do this separately on another
channel and we are trying to do it here
on our main channel telesalseo on
our main heart channel What's up
my honor How are you well
starting Monday with a lot of enthusiasm and
with a very very big exclusive that is going to be
talked about all week and
waiting for the sentence But well now
we will talk about that How are you I hope
you had a phenomenal weekend
delighted to be back here with
you I recommend that you watch
last night's live show in full because it was
wonderful I mean absolutely
everywhere it was wonderful even if it's wrong for
me to say so if you like this type of
content let me know in the
comments box here you will find out about all the
gossip about the heart and television and
about your favorite and not so favorite celebrity
I am trying to do a program every
morning So more or less when
you get up more or  less at the same time
every day You will have your program here
to quickly find out about all the
gossip. What I said is okay if you like me to
do this type of content let me
know in the comments box
Show me with the likes well with
the likes no the likes are mandatory it
is mandatory that you press the
like button because if not the video looks very bad
for the video to be seen in HD you have to
press the like button it is
mandatory sorry it is not a rule
that I have set and well I was going to tell you to
subscribe to the Channel but apart
from telling you to subscribe to the Channel
thanks for the 100,000 tonight well
while we were in the same
live We have reached 100,000
100,000 subscribers is a lot of People 100,000 subscribers is a lot of People
100,000 subscribers in two years my
third silver plaque on YouTube
Thanks I have no words well now yes I will
not ramble on any longer and let's get to it
[Music]
last night Marina  hernal brought us an
exclusive that I think is the
biggest exclusive that has been given in telesalseo
in a long time and look at the
news we've given look at the scoop we've given And
look at the nice interviews we've done
But this is incredible because it's
what most caught my attention about
this exclusive Apart from the content itself
of course is that it's
Monday right now and this news had not been
leaked to the press in fact
before going live I asked
Marina to confirm it to confirm it
and to make
sure that it was true It seems that
last Thursday the trial of
Rocío Carrasco for non-payment of child support took place
which was suspended a few
weeks ago you will remember well it seems that
Thursday it took place at 9 in the
morning and that Rocío Carrasco saw
her children there apparently they
coincided I don't know if it was inside the
elevator or something like that the
reaction of her children was to greet her Hello
mom and mom well she turned her face no she didn't
greet him it is said that Rocío Carrasco's
statement was  crying my head off I do
n't know what he wanted to achieve with that or if he
suddenly felt emotional but the
truth is that this weekend he's been having a great time again
and
now we'll see him faithfully he wasn't a witness
Javier Vasallo who is the lawyer
as far as I can tell and know has not been
present he hasn't been there
Surprising I do
n't know I would swear he was on vacation the
other day I would swear not the Olga issue
I don't know eh
now well Now well it's a trial that
more or less starts at 9 in the
morning they've been inside for hours and hours and hours I
mean it's been a trial a
long hearing and of course it's complicated because if I
remember correctly the last time they
saw each other Rocío Flores with the
child and his mother
yes I'm sure but it's been a long time
but Rocío Flores also
with her mother since 2015 no 15 no
sorry 13 okay let's
see
okay Well then they met before
entering the strong room there are details
that I'm not going to tell obviously there are
details that can't be told because
no because it doesn't make me very sad
but what we can say  is that
both Rocío and her brother When they
see her they say Hello mom and that's what
is transmitted to me okay And she turns her face
and no and well regarding the sentence I
understand that very surely
a miracle could occur and that suddenly
they sentence her today the 31st and that we know
tomorrow or the day after but as far as I
understand the courts Apart from being
overcrowded in Madrid they close in August I do
n't know if every day but I think that in
their entirety yes Therefore it is most
likely that we will not
know the result of this trial until September
in another order of things Rocío Carrasco and
Fidel, which has been a much
talked about news this weekend, have
enjoyed the King litt That is to say the
extra football league that Piqué has with ibai
and other content creators youtubers
tweets and others together with Alba Carrillo
Kiko Jiménez Sofía Swede and the maestro
Joao
[Applause]
[Music]
habilitation much talked about throughout
the weekend especially because of the
hypocrisy of Rocío Carrasco of  hang out
with those people no longer with Alba Carrillo
who we understand is her colleague the teacher
Joan It's not that he's her friend the teacher,
right now he's getting closer to these
people because he doesn't know how to stay in
the limelight and he's getting closer where he
can in fact I have the slight
suspicion that the teacher Joao who is
participating in the is collaborating with
the Kim League on some occasions
doing evidence programs I think that
in some way there is some
collaboration I don't know if it's paid okay I don't
think I don't know if we will be able to find out
we will try to investigate but the thing
is that well Kiko Jimenez is making
Gloria Camila suffer a lot and Kiko
Jimenez would have done something similar to what
she says Antonio David has done is not
alive and is on TV to Costa talking
about his ex relationship and what
Kiko Jimenez is doing a complete crushing Gloria
Camila today has told us that now we
will move on to that what she has been
suffering apart from what has been seen
publicly and Rocío Carrasco supports and is
friends with this man who is supposed to
be very against what is
done  this is not according to her documentary
and
apart from that it is not only that it leaves her in an even worse place because it is not only that she is with him that this boy has made this girl suffer but this girl is her sister Gloria Camila apparently on this occasion for
this event the tickets would have been
obtained by Alba Carrillo by contacting
ibai directly And it seems that
according to Alba Carrillo she would have
written to ibai on some occasion
to try to collaborate also here
right now everyone wants to
collaborate with the youtubers with the
tiktokers with the streamers and she
would have written according to her to ibai to
be president of one of the
King League teams oletu almost nothing is worth she
arrives asking for little worth apparently ibai would have
gotten her some tickets so
that she could enjoy the event Yes but
because it is very newborn no
Well but also the first final
now
the neighborhood and now as
I wanted to be president a long time ago and it
is that please make me the president
but I will continue trying
please I will beg you And then I said
Hey give me these tickets
now it is available
and playing you don't see me playing too
I have a lot of experience in the  football
[Laughter]
and keep going There he goes today maybe he can
win in the finals at least
there's Alba Carrillo as you've heard
makes some jokes about Ibai's physique
Like he can't be tossed around
because of how fat he is there the weight that he
has Marta Diego would confirm in a
column that she has written what was already
talked about on tele salseo well I think
three four direct things ago like
Marina enalcontone exclusively that Marta
Risco would have a fling in the
Canary Islands By the way I've been able to see photos
of that guy and he has a lot of
Antonio David look okay I mean much more well there's
going to be much younger yes of
our age and so on but there he
looks a lot like Antonio Ávila the truth is he looks
a lot like Antonio vi he
has the same face cut he has a
similar nose the similar face she's like
an Antonia but younger and with a different
style okay I mean he's very much like Antonio
David physically at least and Marta
arricesgo has confirmed it In this
written podcast that says the following
Monica gave us the key to her house we
put on our heels and the shortest dresses
from the suitcase we went out to dance  to
the best nightclub in Tenerife we ​​danced and
laughed a lot and between
songs I saw someone again that I had
n't seen for many years I blushed and
after four months I think I
felt those tickles again it wasn't love
I'm not ready yet but It was great
for a few seconds I felt like there was
light at the end of the breakup they looked at me
like they hadn't done in a long time
and I felt like the most beautiful and
desired woman in the world again I didn't want the night
to end or the music to stop
playing because I knew that the ghosts that have
haunted me for so long
would visit me again as soon as
dawn broke they did but during that
night for a few minutes
the butterflies came back to me and so I began to
live again with fear but also
with desire okay this is the article that
Marta wrote I'm taking a risk if you want to
read it in full if you want to take a
look at it Well I recommend it
okay Gloria Camila spoke today
on her Instagram account and told
a super super shady and super
super crazy move It turns out that since she
broke up with her  Kiko Jimenez according to her account
She would have been receiving calls
constantly now they bother both her and
her father as Marina La Movida that
in these calls they made them from a
hidden number But on some occasions they had
forgotten the hidden number and she
could have discovered that it was not even the
brother-in-law of the mother of the grandfather or even or
so it is incredible Listen carefully to what
Gloria Camila says because it is not to be
missed
but after what happened today eh
strengthen also regrettable it seems
painful and pathetic so well I would
like to share it with all of you
since I share everything eh obviously this was
not going to happen and also since I have
kept quiet so many times Maybe I am
used to the fact that you could do it and
I would never say it but so as I
said at the time I was going to share what I
think was necessary and what I
wanted because Well
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] I
receive some messages from a number that I do
not have saved and then I am going to
show you now a screenshot because of course they
send me this message because many people
well in the end I do not know how What  way to
get my number and many people send
messages or write or Greetings to your father
But well a bit like what happened
with Mrs. Batizada her real name
Well in the end it takes many I
answer them I thank them
and well
until when some time passes I go to
look for like Fran's name And then
I save it
and when I get in it's the gentleman's grandfather
it's the love of the gentleman that I was
freaking out it's that
as you have seen those messages
Well of course I don't know who I answer them with
but it's also a bit
like pathetic not the conversation
shoulders I already know that it's a moment good
matador with second thoughts
gorgeous but then if we look
back her grandfather called me
up
to the top
but well the case caught well anyway The
fact is that you remain that it had been some
time or rather please
can you leave me alone I mean I have never spoken
about you in my life the only thing I said
to your daughter was thanks for the barnacles
on New Year's Eve
[Music]
Sorry I told you publicly
well well it has been on TV
many times The fact is that  cuca already
knew that they were calling her to the gentleman's mother
and she wrote the following to me, well, far from
keeping quiet etc. Well, I told her the same thing
that the Lord told me back then, there's
the castle, which is true because I've
always thought that mothers have
been worse than their sons, so in the end
I've kept quiet
this session, it
even scares me because it's like,
what are you doing getting involved in
these issues first, second, sending messages
like a sentence, I mean, you lady, the
only thing you have is very little shame, you have no
values, you have no respect, you have no education
So, therefore So now I
understand things a lot, but after 4 years
I put it, well, what you've seen, I put it
after four years, walk here,
enjoy it, and dog, a phrase that
also
[Music]
the phone calls on New Year's Eve,
the messages from my brother hitting on me,
Cristian, then I don't
know, very strange things, then the grandfather,
also the mother, now, I mean, a little bit
to freak out, you know And then I've seen
so many atrocities,
the only thing I wanted was to share it so
that you can really see the endless obsession that
these people have to go on and on and on
And by the way, what a shame that Save
Me is over and that your son had
n't been out for a while and that they
banned us and that he was able to What a shame, the
thing is that whoever is truly happy
doesn't bother looking at the lives of
others So
suspicious But well, if you haven't
found it, be happy, there is
happiness out there, I
mean, what a move, what a move, the ex-
mother-in-law sending her photos of the boys
Jiménez with Rocío Carrasco and telling her,
take it, girlier and swallow it, but the one who
looks bad in that photo Well, the one who looks
bad is Rocío Carrás with that photo Gloria
Camila, what is her fault that she is between them
getting together, I mean, I know it seems
extremely surreal to me what
Gloria Camila has said Rosa Benito could be
throwing a fit at Rocío Carrasco with
this publication I could not live without
my children without my grandchildren my heart
would bleed with pain life is not the
same for everyone I cannot put the
publication because I do not have a screenshot okay they
published it in Semana magazine And the thing is that
Rosa Benito has her account
on lock because of this  haters I
imagine I don't know what move or to put
their hints calmly but how do you
interpret it and it happens do you think it has
been a pullita or not one of the
most important news of this
weekend has been the confirmation
by Patricia pardo and Christian Gálvez
that they are going to be even here I will be
leaving you an image that has done something
happen TV with the chronology of the
love story between both presenters in the
summer of 2021 Patricia gets divorced
November 2021 Christian breaks up with
almudenat February 2022 socialite
makes Patricia and Christian's relationship public
an open secret on mediaset
March 2022 Cristian and Patricia go out for a
walk for the first time and are caught by the
cameras July 2022 they get married four
months after finalizing the divorce
with almudenased and a year later July
2023 they announce their first baby
together okay Well, nothing to see in the face of
this I wish the couple to be
as happy as possible and that everything goes
wonderfully as it could not be  another
way yes it is true that this announcement
has been a bit surrounded by controversy
because of Christian Gálvez's ex-wife
when the presenter broke up his
marriage to almuden asic Well there have always
been rumors that he behaved
very badly with and other things in life and
coincidences I don't know if it's a coincidence or
that three or four
days ago a podcast was published on YouTube where almuden
lets slip some things about how bad he's been
through at times in
his life and some people would be
relating it to the relationship with
Cristian Gálvez in life we ​​carry
what we do and there's no need to point out
or say each one carries what they do
in life and I know how I've been through in
this life so far and what I have to
worry about is being well and taking
care of myself and recovering from something that I didn't
expect to happen to me the way it
has happened and accepting it and seeing the
positive in this circumstance because
because I am rediscovering myself in
many things that I had forgotten The
blow has been very strong and it is not so
dramatic seen from the outside but I know what it has
been like for  I have seen my
fragility, my vulnerability, you have to
work on some fields that you
were not taking into account that are
important for your development and for your
way of being and of living. I
would love to ask you if you think
that she found out about the news at
the same time as everyone else because of this
announcement or if she already knew about it beforehand
specifically. I would love to know if when she
recorded this podcast, which I imagine was
recorded a few days before it was
broadcast on YouTube, she knew the
news and that is why it was opened in this
way in this interview. An
important message when someone is going
through a traumatic process because
something has happened to them unexpectedly, their
life has changed radically for some reason,
your being feels turned upside down, that is,
completely, to think that chemically you are not
well, that many thoughts that you have
are not reasonable, that you are simply
thinking, saying and acting in an
uncontrolled way, you cannot reason in
that chemically altered state,
then there must be many people
around you to protect you, to have
people around you because otherwise many
people on social networks would assume not
only the fact that Christian
Gálvez does not  it would have contributed well with
almudena but they put on the table
rumors of infidelities and things like that,
of course I believe that
nothing like that has ever been confirmed nor is there
any indication as to venture to give an
opinion on it, the one who has
spoken on her social networks has
been almudena Cid's mother with this
indirect indirect very direct in
which she would publish the anatomy of an
emotional manipulator okay pointing out
aspects such as deceives with the word he
really seems like a charming person he has
great skills for
lying they are egocentric he uses silence
to manipulate he ignores what he is
feeling he questions you and your
mental health they do not accept his guilt he looks for
vulnerable people he has an
unhealthy need to control everything he laughs at
you and judges you okay And she publishes it there she says Well
look I'll leave it there in case it
helps you the portal something is happening TV has
published a statement by María
verdoy presenter of the program fiesta
on telecinco about the end of sálvame and
other quite interesting things
Save me is a program that has left an
incredible mark and that we have all
enjoyed And although it is not on
the schedule it gives it talent
originality and for me great friends
German is all heart behind those
biting videos there is a
wonderful heart I am showing that I
really like entertainment Beyond
the heart esma told me that she knew I was
going to go far and that I reminded her of
her because I am generous at work and
because I do not try to step on anyone the
proposal came to me through the network and through
the production company looking me in the eyes they
said we want it to be you this
message of trust filled my soul el
confidencial digital has published
some news on the subject of the
deluxe operation first of all
Well what I have to tell you about
this new notification is that
both Oscar
Cornejo and Adrian Madrid, the top
managers of the television factories, have been freed from charges
and now here I am when I act like a pimp and
an arrogant person and I tell you I told you okay I told you
those who remain charged
are the police officer and the paparazzi Gustavo
Gonzalez who I think are going to  be the
most harmed in this case okay I already
said on the part of the producer and on the
part of the program, at most there would
be civil liability But
look, not even that, I mean basically in the
end if some famous person wants to
sue, no one will do it okay, I
mean those who are personal, the
deluxe operation, I think that the majority
of those who have appeared At the last
minute, suddenly after
Sálvame closes, many in the last year have not
done so as if looking for some
negotiation with the network so that well these
are things that usually happen, not that they are
offered things so that they withdraw the
lawsuits, no now what is going to
happen most likely, well what is going to
happen is that well this criminal process
continues with the accusation of the police officer and
with the accusation of Gustavo and when
the time comes, I think that the one who is
going to be asked for jail will only be
the police officer okay, I mean a sentence such that it
implies jail for me it is the
police officer okay Gustavo, it is not what
point I do not know what he has I do not know what he
had on the computer And such But I
think that criminal will not have much
reproach I think a lot No, I think
a lot No, I think the one who
has the big problem is the police officer, the
crime of revealing secrets, what he
has to do with the victims' forgiveness,
any accusation is withdrawn.
What does this mean because if
suddenly the police officer asks him please, he
asks for forgiveness and asks him to withdraw,
okay, well, the majority of the famous people who
continue to maintain the accusation, I think
that when they see an older man, at
those ages, I think that I think that
this man is not going to be affected
either. In the end, because the
victims themselves are throwing well, let's see what I gain by
putting him in jail, it has not
affected me that much. No, I don't know, maybe they will
keep it and I am wrong, okay,
but for now I have already been right that
Oscar Cornejo and Adrián Madrid, therefore the
whole program,
Rosita's TV factory, okay, or in other words, here the
light operation, what is left is
Gustavo and the police officer, without more, there are some
more workers from the
TV factories and from Sálvame, but I can tell you
that they are also going to be released
from this case  in the event that
his accusation is maintained until the end, it's
worth little reproach, it's worth little reproach, I
told you from the first moment And it's that if he
complies with the base like this Kiko Rivera has
let himself be seen again already recovered, I'm
very happy The truth is I'm glad that he's
recovered Damn What The kid is
the same age as me, he's my age and
damn he's gone through a lot of
health problems and you have to be healthy simply
Kiko How are you more recovered no longer Kiko
is everything fine Kiko everything is fine Thank you
we are recovered not everything is fine
thank you supporting him completely right
your brother Cayetano is better
your mom everything is fine right also
with your mother
and well family for here we leave
the video for today forgive me that I have
gone on too long In addition to the fact that the video has
arrived today a little later than
usual, as I said, okay, I mean if you
like this type of content to be
made on this channel if you like this
program The lollipop in the mornings make me
notice it is worth making me
realize that you want This program so
that I put more effort into uploading it
Every day Thank you so much to all of you
who have reached this part of the video, I
send you a huge hug and I'll see you
tomorrow at the same time bye bye
[Music]